docs(readme): comply new policy template (#44)
fingerprintjs/fingerprint-pro-server-api-python-sdk: README.md

</p>

# Fingerprint Pro Server Python SDK

> **Fingerprint Pro Server API allows you to get information about visitors and about individual events in a server environment.
> It can be used for data exports, decision-making, and data analysis scenarios.
> Server API is intended for server-side usage, it's not intended to be used from the client side, whether it's a browser or a mobile device.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Fingerprint](https://fingerprint.com) is a device intelligence platform offering 99.5% accurate visitor identification.

The Fingerprint Server Python SDK is an easy way to interact with the Fingerprint [Server API](https://dev.fingerprint.com/reference/pro-server-api) from your Python application. You can retrieve visitor history or individual identification events.
```

This Python package is automatically generated by the [Swagger Codegen](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen) project:

- API version: 3
- Package version: 2.6.0
- Build package: io.swagger.codegen.v3.generators.python.PythonClientCodegen

## Requirements

> To use this library following Python versions are supported:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following Python versions are supported:
```
